welcome to knock wood a fast emerging
metropolis centrally situated in India
home Shivam built gone Private Limited a
venture of cough say brothers is a
highly reputed construction house in
India with an impressive list of
prestigious projects successfully
completed Shiv Nagar e-shift grappa
Nagar and ship arcade at bil GAO Shiv
Ganga in clabe home in clave and Shiv
and claim at Borg ow shiv height at bel
thoroughly and shahboz residency at good
honey road now home ship humble corn
Private Limited proudly presents Shiv
elite a unique scheme of over 750
luxurious apartments ship a lead is
spread on 15 acres of land situated at
Shankar pool a project is situated in
the vicinity of mahon project Mahan
rehabilitation hotel Sun and sand
airport city centre and chatter body
square live fresh discover the new
horizons in living shift a lead is
situated in lush emerald green
surroundings away from cities hustle and
bustle warm golden rays of Morning Sun
will gently wake you up the crisp
morning air resplendent with fragrance
of fresh flowers will greet you
chopping of birds will promise you a
very pleasant day ahead
Shiva Lee is a were chill oasis in the
middle of the concrete jungle as you
approach she believed the imposing
eighty feet wide aesthetically design
entrance gate will offer you a glimpse
of architectural excellence it's
beautifully designed facade will leave
you spellbound there are wide internal
concrete roads leading to various main
buildings you have a wide choice of over
750 apartments do BHK and 3 BHK assuring
you a home perfect for all needs the
synergy with the outside environment the
natural light and fresh air will leave
you marveling at the attention to the
details that our team has put in design
of building
the optimal use of space and emphasis on
seamlessness is evident as you step from
one room to another
you
each individual flat offers
aesthetically designed spacious living
room to enhance your lifestyle
the state of art kitchen is designed
keeping in mind the modern trends
you can also relax in cozy and
comfortable bedrooms
the safety and security of our residents
is one of our prime concerns
we have provided round-the-clock
security and surveillance into home
facility and firefighting system
the movement inside the building is made
easy with the high-speed elevators there
is also power backup for elevators and
common areas
the terrace allows you to relax in
harmony with nature all flats present a
panoramic view of the serene
surroundings the clubhouse offers you a
great opportunity for socializing with
your friends and neighbors
the healthy swim in the swimming pool
with waterfall will keep you cool and
relieve your stress
amphitheater will bring out the talent
in you and you get
the lounge and party lawn offers
excellent meeting place for social
events and gatherings a daily job in the
jogging part will keep your trim and fit
children will love the play area which
is furnished with attractive play
equipment senior citizens can spend
quiet evenings in the sitting area
provided for them
you can derive visas wine by visiting
the temple with garden you can chill out
in the cafeteria with your friends
there is ultra modern state-of-the-art
gymnasium which is well-equipped to keep
you fit the clubhouse provides excellent
to the creational facilities like table
tennis and calendar you can also enjoy a
game of pool and snooker
you can meditate in peace or carry out
your daily practice of asana and
pranayama in the yoga and meditation
space home sweet home in Shiva lead the
home you will be proud of
you
it is not just a flat it is your
lifestyle statement a lifestyle that is
smart and elegant lifts fresh live in
style discover the new horizons in
living
you